Hello guys will come back in the previous video we learn about why do we need users.
Kiama in this video we will create a user schema and we will add all the important attributes.
The first thing you need to do is you want to create a new folder and give it a name model so right
clicking here and going to be modules this folder will hold all the models like user review and many
more.
Now you want to run it on a folder and you want to create a new file and you want you to use it or not.
Yes.
You need to import mongoose dependence and so on
our
schema is just an object so that you can create a user blueprint.
So let us dice and into creating user schema.
So it was good and
these are the attributes that we need to have for each of our customer.
First is email the e-mail of the user.
It has to be unique and lowercase so it cannot be duplicated in the future.
And the data type is a string Nexxus name name is Joe's.
You know so that user can have a name and type is string Nexxus password same thing string picture string
is.
So when you want to sign up you have a choice to be Sellar or not the data type is a boolean true or
force.
And we put by default false because you know we one third that every user who signed up is not a seller
because you have a choice to be a seller and then we have address Brister for address one address to
all strings city state country postal code.
Last thing is created data type is date because whenever a new user is created it will store the time
when the users sign up.
In this video we learn how to create our first schema which is user schema in the next video.
We will learn how to encrypt a user password.
I'll see you guys in the next video.